---
layout: post
title: "Week 9"
date: July 27-July 20 2023
author: Siddheshsingh Tanwar
categories: BLogs
tags: weekly
---

Hello everyone! Welcome to my Week 9 update on my Google Summer of Code (GSOC) project. This week has been filled with significant progress as I successfully completed all three goals set for this phase of the project. Let's delve into the details of what I have accomplished and the challenges I encountered.

### Goal 1: Launching Line Follow World and Robot Control
For the first task, I successfully launched the line-following robot's world inside the Prototype environment. Using the publish method through the terminal, I sent the command 
~~~
(rostopic pub /cmd_vel geometry_msgs/Twist '{linear: {x: 0.8, y: 0.0, z: 0.0}, angular: {x: 0.0, y: 0.0, z: 0.0}}') 
~~~
to control the robot's movement. This method proved effective in completing the first task.

### Goal 2: Running Robot with Zip File Input
In the second task, I achieved the goal of running the line-following robot using a zip file input containing a single Python file. This approach simplified the execution process, and the robot smoothly followed the desired path.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/f1g2OzQKhMc" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### Goal 3: Testing Multiple File Support
For the third task, I focused on testing the multiple file support of our Prototype. I successfully created an application where the line-following robot counts and increments itself for every loop, displaying the result in the terminal. The platform demonstrated its capability to handle and execute multiple files, enhancing its flexibility.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/IzzJd-bHNAU" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>


### Challenges Faced in Goal 4:
The fourth task presented some challenges as I had ROS2 installed on my PC, and I needed to install ROS Neotic to run the application in the same world as in the Prototype. Despite my efforts, I encountered difficulties in finding the required F1ROS packages, and attempts to obtain them using various methods also proved unsuccessful.

Ongoing Efforts:
Though I faced challenges with the fourth task, I remain determined to overcome them. I am actively exploring alternative approaches and seeking guidance from mentors to resolve the issue and accomplish the goal.

## Goals of week 10:
Complete Goal 4 and Goal 5.