---
layout: post
title: "Week 8"
date: July 20-July 13 2023
author: Siddheshsingh Tanwar
categories: BLogs
tags: weekly
---

Hello everyone! Welcome to my Week 8 update on my Google Summer of Code (GSOC) project. This week has been filled with both accomplishments and challenges as I continued to work on Prototype 2 for the Visual Circuit webpage. Let's delve into the details of what I have achieved and the obstacles I encountered.

## Progress on Prototype 2:
As mentioned in the previous week's goals, the first two steps of Prototype 2 were successfully completed. I established the proper connection between the Visual Circuit platform and the launched Gazebo world. Additionally, I successfully launched the Gazebo world within the platform, creating an interactive workspace for the robot.


## Challenges with Sample Code or Exercise:
The final step of Prototype 2 involved creating sample code or exercises that would enable the needed helpers to be launched and allow robotics-related exercises to run seamlessly on the platform. However, I faced challenges in replicating the exact method used by the Robotics Academy, which resulted in some setbacks. Despite my efforts, the attempt to mimic their approach was not successful.
## Goals of Week-9:
### Run Any Robotics Application in Prototype:
The first goal is to successfully run any robotics application within the Prototype 2 environment. This will involve testing various applications to ensure smooth execution and interaction with the platform.

### Run the Same Application by Single Python File in Zip:
To streamline the execution process, I will work on enabling the execution of a robotics application using a single Python file contained within a zip file. This enhancement will offer a more user-friendly approach for running applications within the platform.

### Run the Same Application with Multiple Other File Support:
Building upon the previous goal, I aim to expand the functionality to support running a robotics application that requires multiple other files alongside the main Python file. This will further enhance the platform's flexibility and usability.

### Create a Robotics Application from Visual Circuit and Run it Locally.

### Run the Same Application Created from Visual Circuit inside the Prototype:
The final goal is to seamlessly integrate the robotics application created from Visual Circuit into the Prototype 2 environment. This will enable users to effortlessly transition from development to execution within the platform.