---
layout: post
title: "Week 6"
date: July 6-June 29 2023
author: Siddheshsingh Tanwar
categories: BLogs
tags: weekly
---

Hello, everyone! Welcome to my Week 6 update on my Google Summer of Code (GSOC) project. It has been a productive week filled with successful advancements in the integration of zip file functionality and code execution within the Robotics Academy Docker Image (RADI). Let's delve into the details of what I have accomplished.

## Zip File Reception and Unzipping:
I'm excited to share that I have completed the task of receiving a zip file from the user through the web interface. When a user uploads a zip file, the system promptly receives it. Subsequently, the zip file is sent to the RoboticsApplicationManager (RAM) for unzipping. This process ensures that user-generated code and data are readily available for further execution.

## Storage of Unzipped Files in RADI:
Upon successful unzipping, the RAM stores the unzipped files in the workspace/code directory of the RADI. This allows for easy access and execution of the code files within the environment. The unzipped files are stored with the name "main.py," reflecting the main code file of the user's uploaded zip file.

## Code Execution and Output Display:
By pressing the play button on the interface, the system initiates the execution of the main.py file within the RADI environment. The output generated by the code is then displayed on the web interface, providing users with a convenient way to observe and analyze the results of their code execution.

## Goals for Week 7:
Building upon the progress made in Week 6, I have outlined the following goals for the upcoming week:

Upload Git Repo and Prototype Video: I will upload and update the Git repository with the code for the first prototype page, showcasing the complete working functionality. Additionally, I will create a video demonstrating the prototype's features and functionality, and I will upload it to YouTube. The Git repo will include the link to the video, allowing others to have a visual overview of the prototype.

Refine Zip File Compatibility: I will focus on identifying the exact format and requirements of the zip file that can be accepted by the RoboticsApplicationManager (RAM) for successful execution. This investigation will enable me to make any necessary adjustments to the VisualCircuit's zip generation process, ensuring compatibility with the RAM's expectations. This refinement will streamline the integration of VisualCircuit and the overall functionality of the project.
