---
layout: post
title: "Week 11"
date: Aug 10 - Aug 3 2023
author: Siddheshsingh Tanwar
categories: BLogs
tags: weekly
---

Hello everyone! Welcome to my Week 11 update on my Google Summer of Code (GSOC) project. This week has been marked by a blend of achievements, challenges, and personal commitments that required my attention. Let's delve into the details of my progress.

#### A National Level Hackathon Triumph
Last week, I had the incredible opportunity to participate in a National-level hackathon, where our team emerged as one of the Top-5 contenders across India in our track. The event demanded intense focus and dedication, compelling us to travel to the designated center a day before the competition commenced. As a result, my availability for project work was limited during this period.

#### A Health Setback and Recovery
The hackathon, lasting for nearly two days, was followed by unexpected health challenges. Unfortunately, I fell ill with a strong fever and body pain, r    equiring me to prioritize my recovery and well-being. These health concerns significantly impacted my ability to engage in project tasks.

#### Balancing Commitments
Balancing the demands of the hackathon, my health, and the GSOC project has been a considerable challenge. While the hackathon was a rewarding experience and a testament to teamwork and dedication, it did lead to a temporary slowdown in my project progress. However, I remain committed to overcoming these hurdles and resuming the project's momentum.

#### Moving Forward
As I recover and regain my strength, I am determined to bounce back and refocus on the project's objectives. My mentors and the project's community have been understanding and supportive, which is truly motivating. While this week may have presented its share of obstacles, I am confident that the journey ahead holds more opportunities for growth and accomplishment.

Thank you for your unwavering support, and I appreciate your understanding as I navigate through these challenges. Stay tuned for more updates in the next blog post, where I will share my progress as I re-immerse myself in the project.

See you in the next blog post, and let's continue to strive for excellence together!